hello this week and emerging edtech were
really excited to announce the
publication of the new e-book iPads and
education implementations apps and
insights available right now on iTunes
for just 599 this new you book contains
19 chapter is organized into four
sections the first section is about
implementations and contains several
chapters with in-depth discussions of
implementations that have happened at
schools and how the planning took place
at the rollout took place and lessons
learned and we have a couple chapters
providing links and overviews of over 20
different articles about ipad
implementations at a wide variety of
schools and in section 2 we have 11
chapters covering over three dozen
different applications being used in
education this includes chapters that
take an in-depth look at applications
created specifically for teaching as
well as bunch of great apps for students
to use to practice and reinforce within
certain disciplines and some general use
applications that teachers have found to
be very functional in the administrative
function and the instructional process
next we have a section we call insights
which includes two chapters providing
introductions and over using links out
to several studies that were conducted
that really show the ability of the iPad
when used in the instructional setting
to engage students and improve learning
outcomes and we wrap up with a section
which is one chapter of additional
resources where you can learn more
participate in forums just keep the
learning going keep in touch with what's
going on in the iPad and education so
continuing our introduction to the book
just want to see that there are many
links within the book so you can go
through the book learn a ton but then go
explore things further as you wish there
are here we have a chapter with lots of
quotes from teachers about specific
applications and what it is they like to
use about them and how they use them
I've got a lot of free apps out here
we've got in-depth looks at applications
created specifically for education and
the thinking behind them
we have several chapters about studies
that were conducted that really helped
to prove out how the iPad can bring
measurable benefits in terms of student
engagement and in terms of learning
outcomes and then lastly we have the
additional resources where you can
continue the learning journey and stay
in touch with what's going on with the
iPad in education so I hope you'll click
on out to iTunes download iPads and
education implementations apps and
insights today the link is right here in
the video if you look down in the
description section should see it right
at the top there and thank you so much
for learning about today's and
tomorrow's emerging education
technologies with emerging at tech com